Now in a moment it'll explain what is going to be sensational, but first please open your bibles to
Hebrews chapter six or find it on your phone or
tablet. Now Paul here in this letter is addressing those with the heavenway hope
and he makes a point here about two things
he covers in verse 17 of Hebrews six, but the promise in the oath. So it's impossible for
Jehovah to lie, verse 18 touches on, but this is what's connected with this hope
for the ones that have the heavenly hope and by extension the other sheep. So
it's infallible, it's going to happen just as he promised. And Paul who at least three times
experienced shipwreck, that much we know, maybe find out there's more later, but notice
what he writes here with a heart full of experience in verse 19, we have this hope as an anchor.
For the soul, both sure and firm, and it enters in within the curtain.
The anchor, say, and it's just critical that the other sheep and the anointed
have their anchor in shape. Now the watchtower just last year, February 2021,
on page 30 mentioned this profound thought. An anchor stabilizes a ship during a storm
and it stops it from drifting onto rocks, but an anchor is useful only if the chain that attaches to
the ship did not break. So if we lose our faith, we lose our hope. We watch the tower
trust that profound thought to all of God's people. Now for now, we're facing
with Revelation chapter 21, in symbolic language, we'll turn to Revelation 21,
and this is why it's so critical to have that clear about our hope, being the anchor there.
In verse 1 of Revelation 21, and I saw a new heaven and a new earth for the former heaven
and the former earth had passed away. Now notice, and this sea is no more. Well, the sea is no more.
What are we talking about here? Well, that means that after Armageddon, there's no more sea.
Well, obviously that's not literal with the oceans or the seas there. That's the demon agitated sea
of wicked mankind. Gone, but it's not gone yet. See, and just like in literal wars, submarines are used,
sneak up on the ships. Well, Satan's same way. Him and his demon horde. So
he's going to use any means he can try to wreck our ship. It's an individual one I want
with Jehovah, and you know, many of you, I look out to you, couples that very close, love each
other. Well, you know, your mate for those of you married has to have this kind of relationship
with their father, Jehovah. Everybody does. Unless you're a toddler, then you're going to be in
God's hands. If your parents are witnesses, that's a good chance you'll be okay. So this is war.
That's the point. This is war. And it's not going to get
easier. See, till the sea is no more. Now, during these times, this war we face stormy seas
includes a lot of things, loss of material things, a lot of kinds of other storms that come up,
and connected with the sea of wicked mankind. But this one here is what we're going to emphasize.
The death of a loved one. The death of a loved one, what a storm. And that is when our anchor
is essential as individuals. That anchor is essential. Never lose your anchor.
Not saying you're not going to be battered. I'm not going to be battered, but don't lose your anchor.
Jehovah gave it to us, and Paul made that clear. Now, the sister wrote in, and I certainly
wouldn't name her. She may eventually see this program here, but thought it was worth
sharing with us. But she was honest and humble about it, but it shows, you know, God's people are
imperfect. I don't know if you notice that, but don't say anything, David, when they come out late.
So her dad died faithful. Now, here's what she admits. Before her dad died, she says that when she saw
others shedding tears after loved ones died, she thought, why do people cry so much? They will see
them again. Would that comfort you if you just lost a loved one? No. However,
her dad died. Here's what she honestly stated to her credit, but now I understand.
And she wept shed tears. Yes, the loss of a loved one can be devastating. No,
not about his credible storm. Now to our theme, they will be sensational. What is they?
They are family reunions in the new world. The things that are coming. Oh, go ahead and use
your imagination to hold a won't falter for that. They're going to be sensational. They really are.
Now, another word for sensational is astonishing. Another one is astounding.
And it's nice that this is not a fantasy. This is what's going to happen. It's a reality.
So let's consider some families in Bible history, first of all, and we'll start with Noah.
And he was born in 2970 BCE, 126 years after Adam's death. So he didn't have any interaction
with Adam. I think he got a blessing there personally. And when his father,
Lamek named him Noah, you know, that's in scripture, he said, this one will bring us comfort from
our work and from the pain of our hands, resulting from the ground which Jehovah has cursed.
Beautiful expression. And boy, Noah lived up to that. When he lived, he faced materialized angels.
They left their proper dwelling place and produced offspring, those hybrid Nephilim.
And the earth became full of violence. But no one is family. They avoided all of that corruption.
So he was fall asleep. He walked with the true God. Now he lived up to what Jehovah expected of him.
And find Genesis, if you would please. And we're going to look at chapter 8, Genesis chapter 8.
Now, I will mention this here in the chapter before 8, which would be chapter 7.
We do find the point in verse 13 on that very day Noah went in at the ark along with his sons,
Shem, Ham, and Japheth, and noticed in his wife and the three wives of his sons.
So they went in the ark. They had all worked around it and everything. And now we find in chapter 8,
verses 16 and 17, after the flood, go out of the ark,
you, your wife, your sons, and your sons' wives. So here we go. But we know that's a Shem, Ham,
and Japheth, that's what the scripture said. We don't know the names of the wife or
the sons' wives. Why? You're going to ask God, but I don't see anything in here going to tell me why
he decided not to have it in. Has nothing to do with being worthy. It's all about the lineage that
went through. And you know, we all know better than you know, argue with God. You know, God,
I really love your word, but you know, a couple of things here. Not too bright.
Have that kind of attitude. So these are beautiful, faithful women. And here's the point,
during the New World, my, what a family reunion they're going to have.
And how thrilled you're going to be because I'm sure you've got some questions about what that
was like, you know, and then we don't have much while they were on the ark, how things go. I mean,
you know, a lot of the old timers hear it, Bethel and other Bethels have so many stories in there,
a pleasure. Well, get ready. Whole lot of sensational stories from sensational family reunions
like this one. See, wonderful, wonderful future. Now in the same Bible book, Genesis, let's go over
to chapter 21. And notice here, there's a different example of a family that'll enjoy a sensational
reunion in the New World. It highlights the fact that Sarah became pregnant. And this is the
love of Abraham's life as far as humans go. And they bore a son together, Isaac. And this is just
incredible. You take chapter 22 of Genesis. Jehovah gives this direction. And then
if you that are fathers or you're listening, and you don't have to be a father to be touched by
this, obviously, as you love Jehovah and you love Jesus. But he says in verse two, take please,
your son, your only son whom you so love. Oh, yeah, he knew. Oh, Abraham sure loves Isaac.
And this is remarkable. He knows he loves him so much. And what's he tell him to do? Sacrifice him.
So we don't have all the or any record of any feelings that Abraham had during all this. We
get some indication of something is going on here. But those of you that have ever had a son or
sons, the impact is just phenomenal. He did go all the way with the knife. And he'd actually
in mind and heart committed the sacrifice. But Jehovah, you know, after you reached out of the
knife and everything's in motion, Jehovah had the angel call out Abraham, Abraham just in time.
Stop the whole thing. And Abraham said, here I am. And then he told him in verse 12, do not harm the boy.
How did he feel? Talk about a relief. And all this time before Isaac's wondering, you know, we
get this all set up. Where's the sheep? I don't know. He must have some interesting conversations
after these events. Now you think that they're not going to enjoy a sensational family reunion?
Oh, my. And then when they find out, because they didn't know, they heard certain things,
Jehovah, he went all the way and allowed this sacrifice with his son. Oh, say that pain. A lot of
pain. It's all sensational family reunion, Abraham, Isaac, Sarah, and other family members.
Now another one in scripture. Let's find Job and how well we know and appreciate
Job so much. And we're going to go right there to the first chapter. And it just helps us to
appreciate in the first chapter here. Verse 1 talks about this upright man of integrity. And
then verse 2 reveals it. Seven sons and three daughters were born to him. And then all the livestocks
mentioned. But this is quite interesting. In verse 4, chapter 1, each of his sons would hold a
banquet at his house on his own set day. What's that all about? Well, we have the gift of the
inside book. So so many other references, but there's always been a blessed gift.
The inside stated, it would seem that Job's seven sons held a family gathering,
possibly a spring or harvest festival. And as the feasting made the weeklong circuit,
each son hosted the banquet in his own house. That's a close family.
They were all there. Just such a close family that loved each other. Just loved each other.
However, we know in the following verses, the challenge of Satan and heaven and all that's recorded
for us here. And then it starts in verse 13, sons and daughters are eating there. And then
the message comes to Job about the cattle and Sabine's attacking. And then the wicked one,
whenever said he wasn't smart. Because he verse 16, fire from God. So now they're
involving going to blame God for this. Say, Satan, they're all going to think it was God did this.
Even though he's behind it. And it falls from there and kills the sheep. Well, then
verse 18 and 19, what is still speaking, your sons, your daughters were eating and drinking wine
in their homeless brother's house. Suddenly a great win came. Apparently Job allowed that kind of
power in that case, killed them all, dead, killed them. So seven sons and three daughters.
Now that's history. Let's go to Job 42, Job chapter 42. And see he's been through the test. And
we find here where the mentions, you know, after things have passed here and Job doubled everything.
And he's just rich again. Verse 13, he also of 42, 13, he also came to have seven more sons
and three more daughters. Isn't that, I mean, just Job was so wonderful. But see, Job was not finished
with them. Because in the new world, and likely work out the timing, all 20 children.
Job was away. See how sensational family reunion. Now more to our day,
did just want to touch on, just saw it on the website. September 26, I think, beautiful,
beautiful story here. And it's been touched on within a week before. But this is David Mazza's life
story. Happy family shattered and rebuilt. And they talk about Davey, David, or they call them Davey.
I think I think, boy, what a sensational family reunion they're going to have. See, during the new
world. So we know you precious brothers. A lot of you are numb of heart, losing loved ones during
these last days. But please don't lose heart. You got your anchor. See. And then the sister wraps it
up for her dear friend of mine. My mother and father had 17 children. Just recently she wrote this.
Recently, I lost the last remaining sibling, leaving me with no siblings at all.
Strangely, I remember where I was and what I was doing when I lost each of them.
What a blessing it will be when these dreaded memories will be gone and replaced,
when I see my resurrected mom and dad welcome back each child who stored in Jehovah's memory.
She writes, what a grand reunion that will be. So as we gradually grow to perfection with the
prospect of living forever. What a touching expression from our precious sister. So the reunion with
your loved ones is a certainty. You will be enjoying your family reunions soon. Keep your anchor in
good shape till the sea of wicked man kind is no more. And we entreat you focus on the coming
sensational family reunions.